#summary Renders a jquery datepicker widget.

= Introduction =
Renders a jquery datepicker widget that can be paramterized with several options and participates in topic events/handlers.


= Sample Code=
The following is a simple example of loading a datepicker in a page and integrating other widget events and custom code to its event.
{{{
   <%@taglib prefix="s" uri="/struts-tags"%>
   <%@ taglib prefix="sj" uri="/struts2-jquery-tags" %>
   <html>
      <head>
         <sj:head compressed="false"/>
         <title><s:text name="application.title"/></title>
         <script type='text/javascript'>
		$.subscribe('datepickerClosed',function(event,data) {
			//Custom code here...
		});
          </script> 
      </head>
      <body>
	Date: <sj:datepicker onAlwaysTopics="datepickerAlways"
          onBeforeTopics="datepickerLoaded" onChangeTopics="datepickerSelectedDate" 
          onCompleteTopics="datepickerClosed" id="datepicker1" displayFormat="MM/dd/yyyy" 
          imageTooltip="Seeclt Your Birthdate" showButton="true" changeYear="tru" 
          changeMonth="true"/>
        <sj:div src="dateEvents.action" reloadTopics="datepickerSelectedDate"/>
      </body>
   </html>
}}}


= Significant Attributes =
  * *displayFormat* - The format for parsed and displayed dates. See [http://docs.jquery.com/UI/Datepicker/formatDate]
  * *imageUrl* - The URL for the popup button image. If set, button text becomes the alt value and is not directly displayed.
  * *imageTooltip* - The text to display for the alt tip on the popup button image.
  * *options* - Additional widget options as provided by the jquery datepicker widget
  * *changeYear* - Allows changing the year by selecting from a drop-down list.
  * *changeMonth; - Allows changing the month by selecting from a drop-down list.
  * *showButton* - Set to 'true' in order to show a button next to the field to display the date picker (defaults to false).
  * *onChangeTopics* - A comma delimited list of topics to be published when a new dat eis selected
  * *onBeforeTopics* - A comma delimited list of topics to be published when the datepicker is loaded
  * *onCompleteTopics*  - A comma delimited list of topics to be published when the datepicker is closed
  * *onAlwaysTopics*  - A comma delimited list of topics to be published on all the datepicker events


= All Attributes =
TODO: